Start working on Monitoring feature + Improvements based on the first contact with (#35)
aerogear/unifiedpush-operator: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

## Description
Add a brief and meaningful description.

## Expected Behavior
Describe the expected behaviour. 

## Actual Behavior
Describe the current/actual behaviour.

## Environment

* Operating system:
* OpenShift versions:
* Project Versions: 

## Steps to reproduce

> Describe all steps and pre-requirements which are required to be performed in order to reproduce this scenario. ( E.g 1. Action, 2. Action ... )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describe all steps and prerequisites which are required to be performed in order to reproduce this scenario. ( E.g 1. Action, 2. Action ... )
```

Author: 👍
